How is that possible?
Is the time up worthy of our players' trust?
Refund money refund
Ask for money
Ask for money ask for money
Just now I do miners impose stocks I don't want money
How could it be? It's all for 10 days' salary.
And I believe
Your whole new world
It will definitely be picked up again in my hands. Okay.
Don't worry, I will definitely help you in the future.
Hey, by the way, you just contacted that Chen Qiaosheng.
Do you need to enter the gaming industry?
Yes, this is the settlement point, not
On the one hand, continue to trade stocks
Battle Wall Street
Wall Street
Right
In that case
I need you to help me open another overseas house.
Ah, okay.
Then I'll take it for you. Hmm.
On the other hand, it is why I met Chen Xiaosheng
I plan to
He formed an Internet entertainment company with him
Entering the Internet industry with full ownership
Internet
Guiyang
The scale of this domestic Internet has not yet developed
Is it riskier for you to dive in like this?
It is precisely because it has not yet developed
That's why we want to take advantage.
The future speed of internet development
It can definitely be described as taking off
Just the size of the entire global Internet economy
At least tens of trillions of dollars
I still think it's too risky
And they're not very happy about the Internet moving forward.
Do you think you should think again?
Yaxi, your knowledge of the Internet is still too heavy